Full-Stack Developer
Turing India Remote 18 hours ago 199 applicants

Full-time · Entry level
1,001-5,000 employees · IT Services and IT Consulting
3 company alumni · 2 school alumni


About the job
A rapidly-growing company that is utilizing advanced Artificial Intelligence to build revolutionary tech products is looking for a Full-Stack Developer. The developer will be working together with product managers and designers to create superior applications. The company’s flagship product is enabling businesses to build their own flexible hourly workforce. This is a great opportunity for developers who enjoy working in a fast-paced environment while tackling multifaceted challenges.


Job Responsibilities:


    Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code
    Using TypeORM and NestJs, create and maintain RESTful web services and APIs.
    Develop and maintain web and mobile applications
    Take part in code reviews to make sure the code adheres to the highest quality standards
    Build and keep up automated tests to guarantee software quality
    Maintaining and enhancing application performance
    Work in a fast-paced environment that includes daily standups and frequent camera-on sessions
    Must be proactive and capable of taking charge of initiatives
    Communicate effectively with team members and stakeholders


Job Requirements:


    Bachelor’s/Master’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science (or equivalent experience)
    At least 3+ years of relevant experience as a full-stack developer
    Demonstrable experience with Nest.js, Angular, Angular Material, and Ionic Framework
    Extensive knowledge of HTML/CSS/TypeScript/JavaScript, and MariaDB with TypeORM
    Prior experience developing scalable, robust, and performant applications with a focus on user experience
    Working experience with related test frameworks like Jest, Jasmine, Protractor, and Cypress
    In-depth understanding of software development principles and design patterns
    Prior experience developing RESTful web services and APIs using NestJs with TypeORM
    Familiarity with Agile/Scrum methodologies
    Nice to have some experience with Python and Microsoft Azure
    Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail
    Excellent spoken and written English communication skills

Set alert for similar jobs
Full Stack Engineer, India
About the company
Turing company logo
Turing
208,041 followers
Information Technology & Services 1,001-5,000 employees 1,577 on LinkedIn

Traditional recruiting wasn’t designed for today’s software-first world. The old model is simply too slow, doesn’t allow for deep vetting and takes the control and ownership out of your hands. This is why we built Turing, the world’s most deeply vetted developers and teams, matched by AI. Turing connects world-class engineers with companies to help them achieve their respective career and business goals.

Traditional recruiting is over. Welcome to the Talent Cloud.

Turing enables:
> companies to get matched to vetted remote talent at the touch of a button
> developers to achieve their elite dream career from anywhere in the world

400+ top companies, including Pepsi, Johnson & Johnson, and Dell, trust Turing's Talent Cloud for their engineering needs.

Recruit Developers/Engineers:
Turing combines AI and a global reach to deliver your ideal engineers tailored to your business needs. Our Talent Cloud matches you to rigorously vetted, quality remote developers.

Try Turing.com for 2 weeks risk-free at turing.com

Turing Careers:
Turing helps you get excellent remote opportunities to build a high-growth career faster.

Find high-quality remote U.S. software jobs across 15 roles and 100+ technologies.

Apply today: turing.com/jobs

—----------------------
Co-founded by @Jonathan Siddarth and @Vijay Krishnan, Turing is an AI-powered technology company disrupting the traditional recruiting model for companies seeking to engage the most deeply vetted developers and teams.

Having raised $140 million from investors, including WestBridge Capital, Foundation Capital, Stanford StartX, and execs from Google, Meta, Microsoft, and Amazon, Turing's last round was on a $4 billion valuation cap.
